The bidding for the development zone project will officially begin
No bids allowed
I want this project from 0 companies.
Out of 80 million
Huh?
One billion times
Who is this guy?
Are you so brainless?
He's a dead man.
How dare you kneel 100 million times with your neighbor?
You don't understand human language, do you?
I said, do you want this project?
Is the price accurate?
Is there a problem?
One hundred million three times
Deal 200 million
It's all done, what price do you want to add here?
It's me who has the final say
300 million remake 500 million
Dog, what are you putting against me?
I let you crawl out and into the temple fair to die
The guy with the sunglasses
Why do you look like you know each other?
Who is the courier who married you?
How is that possible?
Lu Xiao is a courier.
Where did he get the 500 million reliable one?
How dare you hit me?
If you have the ability, you dare to report your name
Password hold your mouth
You're done for today.
I'll tell you what.
Tonight's project
Is waiting
Boy, do you know who I am?
Dare to work with our Linjiake project
500 million, right?
Okay, I'll add 500 million
1 billion has the ability, you continue to increase the price?
One billion, one billion.
A billion twice 2 billion